                         SINGULAR version <x-y-z>
                     University of Kaiserslautern
       Department of Mathematics and Centre for Computer Algebra
           Authors: G.-M. Greuel, G. Pfister, H.  Schoenemann
              Copyright (C) 1986-99; All Rights reserved

                                NOTICE

   Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software or
parts thereof and its documentation or parts thereof for non-commercial
purposes and without fee is hereby granted provided the following four
conditions are satisfied:

  1. The above copyright notice appears in all copies of the software
     and both the copyright notice and this permission notice appear in
     supporting documentation.

  2. The name of the program ("Singular") is retained.

  3. Portions of the software which are modified are marked.

  4. You have registered yourself as a Singular user by sending email to
     <singular@mathematik.uni-kl.de> with the subject line (or, mail
     body) `register'.

   Neither the University of Kaiserslautern nor the authors make any
representations about the suitability of this software for any purpose.
This software is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.

   If your intended use of SINGULAR is not covered by the license above,
please contact us.  Notice that in the license above we have not
granted permission to make copies of Singular to be sold, distributed
on media which are sold, or distributed along with software which is
sold.

   If you use Singular or parts thereof in a project and/or publish
results that were partly obtained using SINGULAR, we request that you
cite SINGULAR (see
`http://www.mathematik.uni-kl.de/~zca/Singular/how-to-cite.html' on
information on how to cite Singular) and inform us about it.

   Please send any comments or bug reports to
<singular@mathematik.uni-kl.de>.

   The following parts of SINGULAR have their own copyright: the Gnu
Multiple Precision Library (GMP), the Multi Protocol library (MP), the
Readline library, the Factory library, and the libfac library.  Their
copyrights and licences can be found in the accompanying files which
are distributed along with these libraries.

Availability
============

   The latest information about SINGULAR is always available from
`http://www.mathematik.uni-kl.de/~zca/Singular'.  The program SINGULAR
and the above mentioned parts are available via anonymous ftp through
the following addresses:
GMP
     (C) Free Software Foundation: `libgmp-2.0.2.tar.gz'
     `ftp://ftp.gnu.ai.mit.edu' or its mirrors

readline
     (C) Free Software Foundation: `libreadline-2.0.tar.gz'
     `ftp://ftp.gnu.ai.mit.edu' or its mirrors

MP
     (C) Gray/Kajler/Wang, Kent State University: `MP-1.1.2.tar.gz',
     `http://mcs.kent.edu/pub/MP'

Factory
     (C) Greuel/Stobbe, University of Kaiserslautern:
     `factory-1.3b.tar.gz'
     Contact <factory@mathematik.uni-kl.de> for details on Factory.

libfac
     (C)  Messollen, University of Saarbruecken: `libfac-0.3.0.tar.gz'
     Contact <michael@math.uni-sb.de> for details on libfac.

SINGULAR binaries
     `ftp://www.mathematik.uni-kl.de/pub/Math/Singular/' or via a WWW
     browser from
     `http://www.mathematik.uni-kl.de/ftp/pub/Math/Singular/'

Acknowledgements
================

   The development of SINGULAR is directed and coordinated by
Gert-Martin Greuel, Gerhard Pfister, and Hans Schoenemann.

   Contributions to the kernel of SINGULAR have been made by Olaf
Bachmann, Hubert Grassmann, Kai Krueger, Wolfgang Neumann, Thomas
Nuessler, Wilfred Pohl, Jens Schmidt, Thomas Siebert, Ruediger Stobbe,
and Tim Wichmann.

   SINGULAR libraries have furthermore been contributed by Wolfram
Decker, Christian Gorzel, Agnes Eileen Heydtmann, Ulrich Klein, Martin
Lamm, and Bernd Martin.

   We should like to acknowledge the financial support given by the
Volkswagen-Stiftung, the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft and the
Stiftung fuer Innovation des Landes Rheinland-Pfalz to the SINGULAR
project.

